FW/VTOL param fixes (#2395)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/config_fw/trimming_guide_fixedwing.md

> For this purpose, a bilinear curve (see figure below) function of airspeed and a pitch trim increment function of the flaps state can be defined using the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this purpose, a bilinear curve function of airspeed and a pitch trim increment function of the flaps state (see figure below) can be defined using the following parameters:
```

- [FW\_DTRIM\_\[R/P/Y\]_\[VMIN/VMAX\]](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#FW_DTRIM_R_VMIN) are the roll/pitch/yaw trim value added to `TRIM_ROLL/PITCH/YAW` at min/max airspeed (defined by [FW_AIRSPD_MIN](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#FW_AIRSPD_MIN) and [FW_AIRSPD_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#FW_AIRSPD_MAX)).

> - [CA_SV_CSx_FLAP](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#CA_SV_CS0_FLAP) and [CA_SV_CSx_SPOIL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#CA_SV_CS0_SPOIL) are the trimming values that are applied to this controls surfaces if the flaps respectively the spoilers are fully deployed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CA_SV_CSx_FLAP](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#CA_SV_CS0_FLAP) and [CA_SV_CSx_SPOIL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#CA_SV_CS0_SPOIL) are the trimming values that are applied to these control surfaces if the flaps or the spoilers are fully deployed, respectively. 
```
